hi everyone its Tatyana from Tatiana's
everyday food and welcome back to my
breakfast and brunch series so for the
month of January I'm sharing with you
guys my favorite breakfast recipes and
today and we're going to making a BLT
breakfast sandwich we're going to be
making our own avocado spread using
spring greens tomatoes and of course
bacon it's a super easy recipe that you
can even make for your everyday
breakfast so we're going to start by
making our Evoque Oddo spread we're
going to need one ripe large avocado and
we're going to split it in half and you
want to remove the pit and I'm going to
use a fork and just scrape all that
flesh out of the avocado into small bowl
and this way you're mashing it up and
removing it at the same time it's a
really simple technique we're going to
add juice from one lime I'm just going
to roll it on my counter to release all
those juices from the flesh squeeze it
into the avocado and this is going to
first help preserve the color of the
avocado and secondly it's going to give
a really zesty flavor actually this half
looks like it's perfect
just going to go ahead and stir it in
there I'm also going to add about a
tablespoon of olive oil just going to
add a little bit of creaminess we're
going to season it with just a pinch of
salt I'm going to give this a quick stir
I'm going to set it aside and next we're
going to make or bacon to make our bacon
super crispy I've preheated my oven to
375 degrees and I've lined a baking
sheet with some foil and then placed a
cooling rack over the top so to make our
bacon all we're going to do is we're
going to lay it over the top of the
cooling rack and once this is in the
oven it's going to make a perfect bacon
slice it's going to be crispy and you're
not going to have all that excess oil
since it's going to drip down to the
bottom and make sure to line it with the
foil on the bottom it's going to collect
all the fat and that's going to happen
you're going to have super easy cleanup
just throw the foil away in the garbage
so pop this into the oven it's going to
take about 10-15 minutes for this recipe
I like to use a firmer artisan bread so
you want to slice it into about half
inch slices
and then we're going to place this on
top an and I like to toast these under
the broiler in the oven it's super fast
and super easy so today I'm going to
making two sandwiches we're gonna need
four slices for today's recipe we're
going to be using sunny-side up eggs so
the secret to making them is cooking
them slowly over low heat so I've
sprayed a large pan with some nonstick
spray we're going to add our eggs and
we're going to let them cook slowly and
I like to use organic eggs simply
because that egg yolk is going to be raw
and you want to make sure you have the
freshest best eggs we're going to also
season these with a little bit of salt
and pepper
my eggs and bacon are finishing up
meanwhile we're going to start
assembling the sandwich so we need to
slice our tomatoes into nice thin slices
so I've toasted my bread on one side and
then left it plain on the inside so
we're going to spread one side with the
avocado spread that we prepared earlier
and I like to add a lot of ricotta italy
love it in my sandwiches and i want to
get a bite of it in every single bite
spread that and then on the other side
we're going to add just a touch of olive
oil mayonnaise and i like to use this
olive oil mayonnaise i think it has
better flavor than just regular plain
old mayonnaise spread a little bit and
you can add more or less to your liking
and now for assembling our sandwiches
we're going to add a little bit of our
spring greens over the top of our of a
coddled spread just lightly press them
in and then over our lettuce we're going
to add our tomatoes and this way the
tomatoes aren't going to make the bread
soggy and now for our baking so once I
took it out of the oven I just placed it
on some paper towels they're going to
soak up any excess fat that's on the top
we're going to add two slices for each
sandwich and you can break it up to just
kind of layer it over the top this
perfect and now with the finishing touch
is their sunny-side up egg so you want
to make sure you cook these eggs until
the whites are completely set so you
don't get any food poisoning so we just
want to slide this egg over the top and
this is ready to be eaten
and now it's time to give our sandwich a
try and I actually prefer to eat these
open-faced so there's less bread and
more sandwich try to get a good bite out
of this
mmm
she's absolutely delicious this is like
the best breakfast sandwich ever I
absolutely love this sandwich
I love the zesty avocado that crunchy
bacon the tomato the lettuce everything
really brings it together and this is
such an easy recipe to make you can make
it you know first thing in the morning
for your breakfast before you go to work
I hope you guys enjoyed this recipe make
sure to follow this mini-series during
the month of January and subscribe to my
YouTube page you'll get updates every
time I post new videos